today we're going to go over $10 million
B2B lead generation this is a
step-by-step tutorial of everything I do
to operate my own companies let me give
you some proof here my name is Daniel
Fazio um here's a screenshot of 6.1
m576 327 1.51 million 1.11 million 1.2
million this total pictured here 10.9
million these are all different entities
so gathered together aggregately this
is$ 10.9 million and cash collected not
a contract value is actual cash
deposited into the bank accounts total
revenue right uh 37 team members here's
us booking 4,500 sales calls in the past
year on one calendly account and 1 th
1,300 sales calls on another calendly
account and there are only three ways to
do this and I'd like to take you through
this picture right here you have organic
traffic ads and cold Outreach and
nothing else exists you can make an
argument like oh well Affiliates that's
organic right oh referrals that's
organic right it's the same thing so
so a quick delineation here in that we
have conversion mechanisms and then we
have aggregators and you'll take a
notice here that ads and cold Outreach
exclusively go to conversion mechanisms
and organic traffic goes to organic it
goes to conversion mechanisms and
aggregators so just to explain this to
you like if you making ads you can only
send them a direct offer a lead Magnet
or a service based lead magnet and then
the same goes for cold Outreach and if
you attempt to do anything else that
isn't that it simply doesn't work ever
and I know this because I've worked with
over a thousand agency owners inside of
our coaching program client Ascension I
own the software company list kit that
has over a th000 active users on it and
I see and have seen quite literally tens
of thousands of cold email campaigns
with tens of thousands of scripts and
different strategies I know exactly what
works and if you do anything that isn't
this a convers mechanism it simply
doesn't work ever so I'm going to walk
you through exactly how to do each of
these but first it might be useful to
understand the comparison between these
right so cold Outreach versus content
versus ads on a scale of speed cost and
scale right so we've got cold Outreach
which is fast cheap and
linear right it it doesn't compound then
we have content which is slow cheap and
compounding and then we have ads which
are fast expensive and linear so they
don't
compound these are put here in the order
by which you should start them so if
you're below like $20,000 per month in
Revenue there's no reason why you
shouldn't be doing cold Outreach because
it's fast it's cheap and you need to be
cheap because you don't have any money
the drawback to this is that it's linear
so you need something that does compound
to Future proof yourself right that's
why you do content and that's why you
started from from day one because it's
slow and it's cheap again cuz you don't
have money but it's going to pay off
substantially in the future and now once
you have used cold Outreach and content
to make enough money and you're above
like 15,000 20,000 $30,000 a month you
can start doing ads right and this is
important to only do it after you have
money because there's a massively high
probability you're going to lose a lot
of money when you start ads this is this
is just what happens you're going to
lose money as you're learning how to do
this right so let's start with Cloe
Outreach and I'm going to walk you
through what all these what all these
conversion mechanisms that that that
work are so the only thing we've ever
seen work with colde Outreach is a
service based lead magnet a normal lead
Magnet or directly pitching an offer
nothing else Works absolutely ever so we
scaled list kit to 1.3 million AR in 90
days by offering 50 free leads so that's
a service-based lead magnet and sending
10,000 cold emails per day so picture
here is campaign
$494,000 email sent
$232,800 and total revenue and $108,900
in Mr from a service based lead baget so
what what is a service-based lead magnet
so if if you were to compare a normal
lead magnet which would be like oh
here's a PDF download or here's a free
video tutorial service-based lead magnet
is something that requires a labor so
what that's going to do is as as a for
instance let's say you're like an
advertising agency and you and and you
have a service based lead magnet and it
goes I'll make you a free ad crit free
ad creative and you only pay me after
and if it works better than your current
ones that's a service based lead magnet
why and why does this work it works
because it invokes reciprocity so it
multiplies the chance they buy from you
by roughly 10,000 to 35,000 per. like
actually like it it's that it works that
substantially well it's just it's just
reciprocity like if you if you do
something good for someone if you do
something nice for someone they feel
like they have to repay you this is why
content marketing works if you have like
very valuable content people feel like
they have to pay you back it also proves
competence and accelerates them knowing
liking and trusting you and this proof's
competence point is really good because
if you if you make a service based lead
magnet and you tell someone you're going
to make them a free ad creative and the
ad creative isn't
good the campaign is obviously not going
to work but if it is good then you have
immediately proved competence right also
at service-based lead magnets have a
massively higher hit rate than normal
lead magnets it's it's legitimately
three to five times more effective and
the trick here is to make it be
something that requires labor like
someone would otherwise pay for it
that's what makes a good service based
lead bagnet because the thing is if
you're selling an agency service or some
kind of B2B service that's relatively
expensive like 2,000 3,000 $5,000
$10,000 a month you can't just get
someone to just pay you $5,000 a month
off a cold email like it it doesn't work
like that you got to you got to like you
got to take him on a date like ask him
on a date before you ask them to marry
you like that's what a service based
lead lead magnet is like let me take you
out to dinner that that is what this is
so you stop asking prospects to marry
you and start asking them out to dinner
and have them get to know you first and
then they'll be more comfortable
potentially marrying you right this and
the good thing about this is that you
could effectively go on 10 to
dates per day when you're doing it like
this and you're doing it with cold
Outreach because the reply rate is going
to be so wildly high and just to explain
to you give you more evidence I have a
client here aan who's in our coaching
program client Ascension and he went
from0 to
$93,500 per month and cash collected in
14 months from zero I'm not going to
promise you get results exactly like
that but he did this by this was his
service based lead magnet I'll script
and edit one free YouTube video for you
so he's a Content agency and he did this
like 150 times or something and now he
makes $93,500 per month
cash this just how well this works right
so how to do cold emails at scale
domains from pork bun inboxes from
Microsoft Outlook leads from list kit I
own list kit and then sending with smart
lead links will be in the description
also if want help with that system we
have a c Link in the description cold
emo course cold Emil setup offer and the
client Ascension program you can go
check that out if you want but we're
going to go on content strategy and
specifically sales assets so sales
assets are effectively the same thing as
lead magnets prop posted online right
this very video you're watching right
now is a sales asset so what defines a
Sal's asset it's something that's useful
it is an asset by which can potentially
accelerate sales so let me give you this
depiction real quick so you're doing
you're doing direct Outreach you're
you're doing cold Outreach you're doing
a service-based lead magnet that
service-based lead magnet eventually
signs you a client now you're working
with this client you get this client
results now you turn those results into
a case study and then you film a video
of the case study and post it on YouTube
and now this case study posted on
YouTube gets you more traffic and signs
you more clients which also produce
their own case study which also gets you
another sales asset which also gets you
another client and you see this
Perpetual wheel that continuously goes
over and over and over again and it's
not just case studies it also works with
swipe files tutorials guides
walkthroughs and the production of
precisely and absolutely anything that
is useful at all if you simply post it
on
YouTube it works and it works so
hilariously well like just ridiculously
well and like let me let me visualize
this to you I this this so right now I'm
filming this it's March
2024 I made a video in September 2022
about how to get twitter followers and
how to grow on Twitter make and make
sales on Twitter that video has 37,300
views and it's getting about 60 to 70
views per day and I filmed it a year and
a half ago and there are links in the
description and people are going to the
links and they're opting into my email
list and they're booking calls and
they're joining client Ascension and
buying my and I made the video a
year and a half ago and it's getting
free
traffic so what I'm trying to explain to
you is that if you have a ton of
these it's it's you end up making a lot
of money so that's why it's very
important that you continuously make
these so you get organic traffic them
and you make a lot of money so let's go
to ad strategy because this is what
happens when you you at this point you
have a lot of money now right you're
doing service based lead magnets via
cold Outreach you're producing sales
assets right you're at like 20 30 40K a
month right now and now you have you
have Capital to spend right so again
what is what what is the only that
that that works with ads it it's it's
via a conversion mechanism right but but
you're you're putting them through a
funnel this time so like let me explain
how how this works right so only send
add traffic to a conversion mechanism
here here are all the ones I have
personally had success with vssl funnel
that means video sales letter lead
magnets and low ticket self liquidating
products a service based lead magnet
would also work here but I'm just going
to categorize that as lead magnet so
like here's an example like this is this
is one campaign this had this had 227
calls book 214 qualified calls book $110
per qualified call
$1,461 leads it was $16 per lead and it
was a 2.93 x grow this was a this was a
video salesletter
funnel this was to cold traffic this
specifically was YouTube ads right here
right th this was my best cold traffic
via cell phone of all time this was this
was wildly good like to to to get a 2
2.9 3x on cold traffic for a B2B offer
is disgusting
good that is otherworldly good that that
is so uncommon of an eventuality it's
actually insane and the only thing that
made this work was because the offer was
really good and the vssl was really good
so when people say like oh get really
good at ads what they actually mean by
that is the ad itself is so little of
the actual performance of the ad
campaign like what is on the vssl what
what kind of copy do you have what kind
of email file follow-ups do you have
like how are you on sales calls what is
the offer there's so many components
that go into this and this is why it's
so difficult and why I tell people not
to start with ads CU it's not just oh
spin up an ad and then you make money
there's so many components to making
this work that it's just way easier to
start with cold Outreach and do content
so that you're not risking tens of
thousands of dollars on ad campaigns
right so 99% of people running ads do
not make a profit so this was over like
this campaign this is like 20 ads like
full YouTube ads like I sit I sit down
right here and film it right it was a 40
minute vssl it was edited multiple times
it it was insane right so here's an
example of of a lead magnet and self
liquidation funnels this was kind of
like a mix of this so this was a this
was a uh this funnel was a case study on
how we send 10,000 Cod months per day
and grew a new business to$ million AR
in 3 months so that that was a case
study about Lis kit and there were two
versions of this there there was a $28
version and a in a in a in a free
version so you could either get the $28
version or the or the the free version
and that was getting a8x row ass
8X right so it's important to understand
if if you're using a vssl funnel and
getting $300 calls and $15
leads but then you have a low ticket
product if you start doing a a self
liquidating funnel you have a low ticket
product and you're look and you're
getting you're getting 70% of your ad
spend returned just from the purchases
of the low ticket of the low ticket
product then your effective cost per
call goes from
$300 to
$90 and if you're able to get like let's
say you spend $1,000 on ads and you get
$1,000 back and then you get two calls
booked the calls are not $500 each
they're $0 each it's free call it's free
leads so figuring this out is and and
getting this to work properly because
also you're not there's no automatic
like there's no automatic you just make
this much right it's it's very difficult
and you have to you have to you have to
make sure you get it done correctly
right so it's not as easy as it looks
99% of people are going to lose money
with they start ads so got to understand
copyrighting director plans positioning
you should focus on organic traffic and
cold Outreach for it's just
substantially easier right so if you're
not actively running an email list
YouTube channel or at least one other
channel that's easy produced content on
Twitter LinkedIn you are being
financially irresponsible you you need
an aggregator like if someone comes in
from your organic traffic or they
download or or engage in one of your
conversion mechanisms you need to have
an aggregator like I send an email to my
email list five times a week and I post
normally one to two YouTube videos a
week and then I tweet a lot like it's
very important that you do this like the
concept the premise as to why is because
you need to perpetually exist in front
of people the more you exist in front of
somebody the higher the probability that
they're going to convert right there
there's this concept that there's an
intersection between somebody who who
their conversion window is elapsing and
you exist in front of them and those
need to intersect it's very important
that that happens right so I'm not going
to be one of those who says I
have nothing to sell you when I actually
do have something to sell you I have
something to sell you all of the links
are in the description deson we have a
coldo setup offer we have the client
essential coaching program um subscribe
to me on YouTube if you want to increase
the probability you see my videos when I
post them so if you subscribe it's more
probable that I'm going to show up in
your feed so thank you for watching I
love you check the links in the
description go watch more of my videos
and that's it for me today peace